In this video we're going to
begin our introduction to
eukaryotic organelles or organs
inside of the cells.
And so recall from our previous
lesson videos that eukaryotic
cells contain several membrane
bound organelles.
And so moving forward in our
course we're going to talk
about many of these membrane
bound organelles.
Now it's important to note that
both animal and plant cells are
eukaryotic, and so that means
that they both contain
eukaryotic organelles.
However, that being said, some
of the organelles of animal and
plant cells will actually
differ from each other, and so
that's important to keep in mind.
And so down below in our
example of eukaryotic
organelles, notice that we're
showing you our representation
of an animal cell over here on
the left-hand side.